@All Reads
All reads mapped to the reference.

@Unique Starts
Uniquely mapped reads sampled for one starting alignment to each reference base in both read orientations.

@Target Regions
Coverage summary for reads mapped to the enriched or whole reference.

@Hotspot Regions
Coverage summary for reads mapped over targeted loci in the reference.

@Number of mapped reads
Total number of reads mapped to the reference.

@Number of filtered reads
Total number of reads mapped to the reference after unique starts filtering.

@Number of reads on target
Total number of reads mapped to any targeted region of the reference. A read is considered to be on target
if at least one aligned base overlaps a target region. A read that overlaps a targeted region but where
only flanking sequence is aligned, e.g. due to poor matching of 5' bases of the read, is not counted.

@Percent reads on target
The percentage of reads mapped to any targeted region relative to all reads mapped to the reference.

@Percent reads on padded target
The percentage of reads mapped to any padded targeted region relative to all reads mapped to the reference.
This typically includes reads of probe-enriched DNA fragments that overlapped a target region but were only
sequenced over bases flanking that region.

@Number of mapped bases
The total number of target bases covered by any number of aligned reads. 

@Percent bases on target
The percent of all bases covered by reads aligned to the reference that covered bases in target regions.

@Aligned base reads
The total number of bases covered by reads aligned to the reference.

@Base reads on target
The total number of target bases covered by any number of aligned reads. 

@Percent base reads on target
The percent of all bases covered by reads aligned to the reference that covered bases in target regions.

@Bases in targeted reference
The total number of bases in all target regions of the reference.

@Bases in target regions
The total number of bases in all target regions of the reference.

@Bases covered (at least 1x)
The total number of target bases that had at least one read aligned over the proximal sequence.
Only the aligned parts of each read are considered, e.g. un-aligned (soft-cut) bases at the 5' ends of
mapped reads are not considered. Covered reference target bases may include sample DNA read base mismatches
but does not include read base deletions in the read nor insertions between reference bases.

@Average base coverage depth
The average number of reads of all targeted reference bases. This is the total number of base reads on
target divided by the number of targeted bases and therefore includes any bases that had no coverage.

@Uniformity of coverage
The percentage of target bases covered by at least 0.2x the average base coverage depth.

@Maximum base read depth
The maximum number of times any single target base was read.

@Average base read depth
The average number of reads of all targeted reference bases that were read at least once.

@Std.Dev base read depth
The standard deviation (root-variance) of the read depths of all targeted reference bases that were read
at least once.

@Target coverage at 1x
The percentage of target bases covered by at least one read.

@Coverage at 10x
The percentage of target bases covered by at least ten reads.

@Coverage at 20x
The percentage of target bases covered by at least twenty reads.

@Coverage at 50x
The percentage of target bases covered by at least fifty reads.

@Coverage at 100x
The percentage of target bases covered by at least one hundred reads.

@Heterozygous SNPs
Number of called heterozygous SNPs in target regions or loci.

@Homozygous SNPs
Number of called homozygous SNPs in target regions or loci.

@Heterozygous INDELs
Number of called heterozygous INDELs in target regions or loci.

@Homozygous INDELs
Number of called homozygous INDELs in target regions or loci.

@No Call Variants
Number of variants detected that could not be definitely called as homozygous or heterozygous.
Typically due to the apparent detection of multiple variants relative to the reference sequence.

@Target Coverage
Target base coverage is plotted against read depth, where read depth is the number of times
a particular base is read and coverage is the number of counts of bases read at that read depth. This
plot includes the number of target bases that were not read, i.e to 0x coverage. The right hand y-axis
shows the cumulative coverage as a percentage of the total number of target base reads. This may be
used to gauge to percentage of target bases read to a particular depth.

@Binned Target Coverage
Target base coverage is plotted against read depth, where read depth is the number of times
a particular base is read and coverage is the number of counts of bases read at that read depth. The
read depths are binned to better represent coverage where the maximum read depth is high and the binning
size is chosen accordingly. Hence an x-axis value of 20x indicates the sum of coverage for read depths
from 1 to 20, or 11 to 20 if the preceding bar was labelled 10x, etc. This plot does not include the
coverage for non-covered target bases. The right hand y-axis shows the cumulative coverage as a
percentage of the total number of target base reads.

@Target Coverage by Chromosome
The number of reads that align to each chromosome of the reference are plotted as a bar chart.
The number of reads that have aligned sequence overlapping any target region are represented by the gray
portion of the plot and those aligned off-target are represented by the white region.

@Padded Target Coverage by Chromosome
The number of reads that align to each chromosome of the reference are plotted as a bar chart.
The number of reads that have aligned sequence overlapping any target region are represented by the gray
portion of the plot and those aligned off-target are represented by the white region. Here the individual
target regions are extended (padded) on both ends, e.g. by 100 bases. Hence, the on-target counts includes
most reads of probe-enriched (pulled down) DNA fragments that did not extend into the adjacent target region.

@Individual Target Coverage
The number of aligned base reads are counted for individual target regions of the reference
and normalized by dividing by the length of the target. These values are plotted on a bar chart for
each chromosome of the reference to a common scale, set by the highest normalized count.
Red areas of the bars show the fraction of the target bases uncovered by any read, e.g. 20:80 red:gray
indicates only 80% of the individual target was read. Note that with large numbers of targets, details
for individual target regions (bars) may not be visible. Download the data file using the link provided
to examine the individual target coverage in full detail.

@On/Off Target Read Alignment
Aligned read starts are counted for each 100 bases of the reference and plotted as a bar only
if the count is at least 5. Hence zero or low coverage regions, including isolated read mappings,
are not represented in these plots. Plot color is alternated to show continuous regions of coverage.
Red and blue represent the reads starting in a 100 base region overlapping a target region.
Black and gray represent reads starting outside of a target region. Peaks are contiguous and aligned
to 100 base counts along the reference but no distance between any two peaks is depicted.
Note that with large numbers of targets, peak shapes and resolution between on- and off-target peaks
may not be discernable. Download the data file using the link provided to examine coverage in full detail.

@Normalized Target Coverage
The fraction of total target bases covered is plotted against normalized coverage, where
normalized coverage is the number of times a particular base is read (read depth) divided by the
mead read depth of all target bases. The y-axis is the cumulative read depth divided by the total
number of target base reads.

@Target Coverage Distribution
The distribution of aligned target base reads, as a percentage of all base reads, with respect
to base read depth. The read depths are binned to better represent coverage where the maximum read depth
is high and the binning size is chosen accordingly. Hence an x-axis value of 20x indicates the sum of
coverage for read depths from 1 to 20, or 11 to 20 if the preceding bar was labelled 10x, etc. This plot
does not include the coverage for non-covered target bases. The right hand y-axis shows the cumulative
coverage as a percentage of the total number of target base reads.

