@All Reads
All reads mapped to the reference.

@Filtered Reads
Uniquely mapped and/or sampled non-duplicate.

@Uniquely Mapped Reads
Reads that are not equivalently mapped to two places on the genome.

@Non-duplicate Reads
Reads that are not marked as a (pcr) duplicate after alignment.

@Uniquely Mapped Non-duplicate Reads
Reads that are not equivalently mapped to two places on the genome nor marked as a (pcr) duplicate after alignment.

@Target Base Coverage
Summary statistics for targeted base reads of the reference.
A base covered by multiple target regions will only be counted once per sequencing read.

@Number of mapped reads
Total number of reads mapped to the reference.

@Number of reads on target
Total number of filtered reads mapped to any targeted region of the reference. A read is considered to be on target
if at least one aligned base overlaps a target region.
If no target regions (file) was specified this value will be the percentage of reads passing uniquely mapped
and/or non-duplicate filters, or 100% if no filters where specified.

@Percent reads on target
The percentage of filtered reads mapped to any targeted region relative to all reads mapped to the reference.
A read is considered on target if at least one aligned base overlaps at least one target region.
If no target regions (file) was specified this value will be the percentage of reads passing uniquely mapped
and/or non-duplicate filters, or 100% if no filters where specified.

@Percent sample tracking reads
The percentage of filtered reads mapped to any targeted region used for sample identification.
Note: It is assumed that these regions are distinct from the actual target regions under investigation, i.e.
there is no overlap or other ambiguiy of any reads be misassigned to a sample identification target.

@Percent reads on padded target
The percentage of filtered reads mapped to any padded targeted region relative to all reads mapped to the reference.
A read is considered on target if at least one aligned base overlaps at least one padded target region.
This typically includes reads of probe-enriched DNA fragments that overlapped a target region but were only
sequenced over bases flanking that region.

@Total aligned base reads
The total number of bases covered by reads aligned to the reference.
Clipped bases, deletions and inserts (relative to the reference) are not included in this total.

@Total base reads on target
The total number of bases in targeted regions covered by any number of aligned reads. 
(If no specific target regions was specified the targeted regions is the whole reference genome.)
Clipped bases, deletions and inserts (relative to the reference) are not included in this total.

@Percent base reads on target
The percent of all bases covered by reads aligned to the reference that covered bases in target regions.
(If no specific target regions was specified the targeted regions is the whole reference genome.)
Clipped bases, deletions and inserts (relative to the reference) are not included in this fraction.

@Bases in reference genome
The total number of bases in the complete reference genome.

@Bases in target regions
The total number of bases in all specified target regions of the reference.

@Bases covered (at least 1x)
The total number of target bases that were covered by at least one read.
Only the aligned parts of each read are considered, e.g. un-aligned (soft-cut) bases at the 5' ends of
mapped reads are not considered. Covered reference target bases may include sample DNA read base mismatches
but does not include read base deletions in the read.

@Average base coverage depth
The average number of reads of all targeted reference bases. This is the total number of base reads on
target divided by the number of targeted bases and therefore includes any bases that had no coverage.

@Uniformity of base coverage
The percentage of bases in all targeted regions (or whole genome) covered by at least (the nearest integer to) 20% of the average base read depth reads.

@Maximum base read depth
The maximum number of reads of any target base. (Not including deletions.)

@Average base read depth
The average number of reads of all targeted bases that were read at least once.

@Std.Dev base read depth
The standard deviation (root-variance) of the read depths of all targeted bases that were read at least once.

@Target base coverage at 1x
The percentage of target bases covered by at least one read.

@Target base coverage at 10x
The percentage of target bases covered by at least ten reads.

@Target base coverage at 20x
The percentage of target bases covered by at least twenty reads.

@Target base coverage at 30x
The percentage of target bases covered by at least thirty reads.

@Target base coverage at 50x
The percentage of target bases covered by at least fifty reads.

@Target base coverage at 100x
The percentage of target bases covered by at least one hundred reads.

@Target base coverage at 500x
The percentage of target bases covered by at least five hundred reads.

@Target bases with no strand bias
The percentage of all target bases that did not show a bias towards forward or reverse strand
read alignments. An individual target base is considered to have read bias if it has at least 10 
reads and the fraction of forward or reverse reads to total reads is greater than 70%.

@Amplicon Read Coverage
Summary statistics for reads assigned to specific amplicons.
Each sequence read will be assigned to exactly one of the amplicons specified by the targets file.
Reads are assigned to particular amplicon targets based if thier (5') mapping location being suffiently
close to the end of the amplicon region, taking the read direction (mapping strand) in to account.

@Number of amplicons
The number of amplicons specified in the target regions file.

@Percent assigned amplicon reads (strict)
The total number of reads that were assigned to individual amplicons.
A read is assigned to a particular (inner) amplicon region if the start of the read is within -30 to +5
of region start. Read orientation (the strand it is mapped to) is taken into account such that the 5'
end is compared to the amplicon start for forward reads and to the amplicon end for reverse reads, given
that the amplicon region is defined with respect to the forward reference strand.
If a read might be associated with multiple amplicons this way it is assigned to the amplicon region
that has the greatest overlap of aligned sequence.
Note that this value may be less than the 'Percent reads on target' value since some reads may not be
assigned if they do not meet the assigment criteria even though they may have aligned bases that overlap
an amplicon region.

@Percent assigned amplicon reads
The total number of reads that were assigned to individual amplicons.
A read is assigned to a particular (inner) amplicon region if any aligned bases overlap that region.
If a read might be associated with multiple amplicons this way it is assigned to the amplicon region
that has the greatest overlap of aligned sequence.

@Average reads per amplicon
The average number of reads assigned to amplicons.

@Uniformity of amplicon coverage
The percentage of amplicons that had at least (the nearest integer to) 20% of the average number of reads per amplicon reads.

@Maximum amplicon read depth
The maximum number of reads assigned to any amplicon.

@Average amplicon read depth
The average number of amplicon reads for amplicons with at least one assigned read.

@Std.Dev amplicon read depth
The standard deviation (root-variance) of number amplicon reads for amplicons with at least one assigned read.

@Amplicons with at least 1 read
The percentage of all amplicons that had at least one read.

@Amplicons with at least 10 reads
The percentage of all amplicons that had at least ten reads.

@Amplicons with at least 20 reads
The percentage of all amplicons that had at least twenty reads.

@Amplicons with at least 30 reads
The percentage of all amplicons that had at least thirty reads.

@Amplicons with at least 50 reads
The percentage of all amplicons that had at least fifty reads.

@Amplicons with at least 100 reads
The percentage of all amplicons that had at least one hundred reads.

@Amplicons with at least 500 reads
The percentage of all amplicons that had at least five hundred reads.

@Amplicons with at least 1000 reads
The percentage of all amplicons that had at least one thousand reads.

@Amplicons with at least 10K reads
The percentage of all amplicons that had at least ten thousand reads.

@Amplicons with at least 100K reads
The percentage of all amplicons that had at least one hundred thousand reads.

@Amplicons with no strand bias
The percentage of all amplicons that did not show a bias towards forward or reverse strand
read alignments. An individual amplicon is considered to have read bias if it has at least 10
reads and the fraction of forward or reverse reads to total reads is greater than 70%.

@Amplicons reading end-to-end
The percentage of all amplicons that were considered to have a sufficient proportion of
assigned reads (70%) that covered the whole amplicon target from 'end-to-end'. To allow for error
the effective ends of the amplicon region for read alignment are within 2 bases of the actual
ends of the region.

@Amplicons with passing coverage
The percentage of all amplicons that were considered to have a sufficient proportion of
assigned reads (70%) that covered had reads aligned to at least 70% of their target sequence.
For transcript targets that are specific exon-exon splices, these are the reads that should
sufficiently cover sequence on both sides of the splice site.

@Genome Base Coverage
Summary statistics for base reads of the reference genome.

@Number of mapped reads
Total number of reads mapped to the reference genome.

@Genome base coverage at 1x
The percentage of reference genome bases covered by at least one read.

@Genome base coverage at 10x
The percentage of reference genome bases covered by at least ten reads.

@Genome base coverage at 20x
The percentage of reference genome bases covered by at least twenty reads.

@Genome base coverage at 30x
The percentage of reference genome bases covered by at least thirty reads.

@Genome base coverage at 50x
The percentage of reference genome bases covered by at least fifty reads.

@Genome base coverage at 100x
The percentage of reference genome bases covered by at least one hundred reads.

@Genome base coverage at 500x
The percentage of reference genome bases covered by at least five hundred reads.

@Genome bases with no strand bias
The percentage of all reference genome bases that did not show a bias towards forward or reverse strand
read alignments. An individual reference base is considered to have read bias if it has at least 10 
reads and the fraction of forward or reverse reads to total reads is greater than 70%.

@Target Read Coverage
Summary statistics for reads assigned to specific targets.
Each sequence read will be assigned to exactly one of the regions specified by the targets file that it overlaps
by at least one aligned base. If a read might be associated with multiple targets this way it is assigned
to the target region that has the greatest overlap of aligned sequence.

@Number of targets
The number of targets specified in the target regions file.

@Percent assigned target reads
The total number of reads that were assigned to individual targets or merged overlapping targets.
A read is assigned to a particular target region has at least one aligned base overlapping that region.

@Average reads per target
The average number of reads assigned to targets.

@Uniformity of target coverage
The percentage of bases in all targeted regions (or whole genome) covered by at least (the nearest integer to) 20% of the average base read depth reads.

@Maximum target read depth
The maximum number of reads assigned to any target.

@Average target read depth
The average number of target reads for targets with at least one assigned read.

@Std.Dev target read depth
The standard deviation (root-variance) of number target reads for targets with at least one assigned read.

@Targets with at least 1 read
The percentage of all targets that had at least one read.

@Targets with at least 10 reads
The percentage of all targets that had at least ten reads.

@Targets with at least 20 reads
The percentage of all targets that had at least twenty reads.

@Targets with at least 30 reads
The percentage of all targets that had at least thirty reads.

@Targets with at least 50 reads
The percentage of all targets that had at least fifty reads.

@Targets with at least 100 reads
The percentage of all targets that had at least one hundred reads.

@Targets with at least 500 reads
The percentage of all targets that had at least five hundred reads.

@Targets with no strand read bias
The percentage of all targets that did not show a bias towards forward or reverse strand
read alignments. An individual target is considered to have read bias if it has at least 10
reads and the fraction of forward or reverse reads to total reads is greater than 70%.

@Targets reading end-to-end
The percentage of all targets that were considered to have a sufficient proportion of
assigned reads (70%) that covered the whole target region from 'end-to-end'. To allow for error
the effective ends of the target region for read alignment are within 2 bases of the actual
ends of the region.

@Coverage Overview
Base coverage is shown across the whole reference (genome).
The effective reference is created from a concatenation of the chromosomes or individual target regions
(in the relative position they appear in the reference sequence).
Each point plotted is the base 10 logorithm value of the total aligned base read count within an equal length (1/600) of the effective reference.

@Target Coverage
Summary statistics relative to coverage of individual targets as measured by the average base read depth for
those targets. The average base read depth across a group of overlapping targets is assumed to be distributed
evenly. These statistics are not affect using the padding option.

@Number of unmerged targets
The number of targets specified in the target regions file.
Note that this may be more than those shown in the Target Coverage Chart and listed in the target coverage summary file
if any individual targets overlap, as base coverage here is resolved to merged target regions. Note that target padding
does not affect the number of reads assigned to original targets.

@Average base coverage depth per target
The average of the mean base read depth of all individual targets. For N overlapping targets it is assumed that base
coverage is spread evenly as if N separated target had this mean base coverage.

@Uniformity of base coverage per target
The percentage of all individual targets that had an average base coverage depth that is at least (the nearest integer to) 20% of
the average base coverage depth per target reads. Note that this value is based on an integerized threshold to be consisent with other
uniformity of coverage statistics, even though average base coverage depth for individual targets is a non-integer value.

@Targets with base coverage at 1x
The percentage of targets that had an average base coverage depth of at least one base.
Note that the average base coverage across the length of an individual target can be less than 1 if only partially covered by reads.

@Targets with base coverage at 10x
The percentage of targets that had an average base coverage depth of at least ten bases.
Note that this does not mean all bases across the whole length of any particular target were necessily read to this depth.

@Targets with base coverage at 20x
The percentage of targets that had an average base coverage depth of at least twenty bases.
Note that this does not mean all bases across the whole length of any particular target were necessily read to this depth.

@Targets with base coverage at 50x
The percentage of targets that had an average base coverage depth of at least fifty bases.
Note that this does not mean all bases across the whole length of any particular target were necessily read to this depth.

@Targets with base coverage at 100x
The percentage of targets that had an average base coverage depth of at least one hundred bases.
Note that this does not mean all bases across the whole length of any particular target were necessily read to this depth.

@Targets with base coverage at 500x
The percentage of targets that had an average base coverage depth of at least five hundred bases.
Note that this does not mean all bases across the whole length of any particular target were necessily read to this depth.

@Targets with no strand bias
The percentage of targets that did not show a bias towards forward or reverse strand base read alignments.
An individual target is considered to show strand bias if it has an average base read coverage depth of at least 10 and
the fraction of forward or reverse base reads to total base reads is greater than 70%.

@Targets with full coverage
The percentage of targets that had at least 98% of their length covered by at least one base read. This definition allows some
flexiblity for a small number of (homozygous) deletions and missing reads at the ends of targets. Targets that were not
'fully' covered would typically have larger gaps or lack of coverage at one or both ends.

